Hi! I'm Harrison. I'm a 20 year old currently in Cary, NC, where I live with my partner & our two cats, Pecorino (named after the cheese, Pecorino Romano!) and Jellybean (also known as J.B. or just Bean). We're planning to relocate to Seattle, WA as of February of 2025, which will be a fun journey for the four of us.

As for me, I'm a multi-disciplined software engineer, and I've dipped my toe into almost everything imaginable. I specialize in infrastructure & network engineering, but I've done everything from web development to embedded Linux development. I've done work for multi-billion dollar hedge funds, small startups, a Roblox cheating tool (!!), whatnot. Right now, I'm currently a Member of Technical Staff at DevZero, where we're looking to bring big-tech developer tooling to the general public, enabling developers to go from concept -> production faster. At DevZero, I primarily work on the network tooling, where we're currently in the process of building a WireGuard mesh network (based off of Tailscale) to help you securely connect to your developer infrastructure. 

In terms of who I am, I'm a second-generation Japanese immigrant (and a dual citizen of both US & Japan!), born in the US & raised in Salt Lake City, UT. I grew up in a family of 6 (4 kids, including myself), where I was the middle child. We were fairly lucky as a family -- my dad held a long, fruitful career at Fidelity Investments which supported our whole family (and, more importantly, gave me access to all sorts of cool technology, like Google Glass or the first iPhone released). In spite of that, we were rather lower middle-class for the time -- we weren't always the most well-off, and I was taught how to be creative with what little money we had. After high school, I was rejected from almost every college that I applied to (even though my SAT/ACT scores were rather high: 1370 & 31 respectively, which aren't the highest, but are decent!), which left me only University of North Carolina at Charlotte, where I tried finishing my degree but ultimately ended up dropping out twice, due to life circumstances & a lack of financial aid both times. I was never really fortunate enough to have a chance to finish college, simply because the financials & logistics never worked out for me.

My partner & I are both transgender, and we both identify as non-binary. As such, I'm very vocal about LGBTQ rights, and I don't tolerate any discrimination of such. It's how I personally identify, and I don't associate with people who don't respect that. I'm a very vocal advocate for the things & people I care about, especially since I hail from a very marginalized background. I don't take BS, and I'm quick to call out any that comes my way, even if it means making others uncomfortable. I'm also very picky about the places that I will work, as I care greatly about the ethical implications of being a software engineer. 

God, that last section makes me sound like an asshole. I'm not! I promise! I'm fairly easy-going and I like to think that I'm generally likable. I'm very open-minded, and I like to have my opinions challenged. I really, really care about the well-beings of others, and I spend a large amount of my time helping lift up my peers.

I'm also an aspiring rock climber - the hardest problems I can do are usually around the V3 / 5.10 range (depends on the gym - I've projected some V4s/V5s in other gyms). There's nothing like solving a hard problem :-)

Prospective employers: I'm always open to helping solve novel & interesting challenges. I also offer contracting services through my personal LLC, int3 Systems, LLC, with very flexible terms. If you have a role that you think I'd be a great fit for, please send an email my way! You can find my resume in the resume.pdf file, and my email in the contact_me.txt file. Thanks!